docs: rework message handling structure (#268)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/preview/02-Features/02-message-handling/01-service-bus.md

{
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        services.WithServiceBusMessageHandler<OrderMessageHandler, Order>(context => context.Properties["MessageType"].ToString() == "Order");
    }
}
```

> Note that the order in which the message handlers are registered is important in the message processing.

> > In the example, when a message handler above this one is registered that could also handle the message (same message type) than that handler may be chosen instead of the one with the specific filter.

Reviewer: may be chosen or will be chosen ?

The first option implies that you're not certain which handler will be used at runtime.  The latter means that you're absolutely sure that the first registered handler will be used.

I'd extend line 139 with an additional sentence that says that the first registered message-handler that is eligeable to process a certain message, will be used.

Author: > may be chosen or will be chosen ?

> The first option implies that you're not certain which handler will be used at runtime. The latter means that you're absolutely sure that the first registered handler will be used.

It's still 'may' here, I think, as the message type is not solely responsible for the message routing. One can add additional message type filters, message body filters, message context filters and even bring in their own serialization for the same message type.

### Bring your own deserialization

> You can also choose to extend the built-in message deserialization with additional deserializer to meet your needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose to extend the built-in message deserialization with a custom deserializer to meet your needs. 
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/pull/268/commits/07b70126c45b9737cd2dd37e77f12ee51b1a5e5f

This allows you to easily deserialize into different message formats or reuse existing (de)serialization capabilities that you already have without altering the message router. 

You start by implementing an `IMessageBodySerializer`. The following example shows how an expected type can be transformed to something else. 

> The result type (in this case `OrderBatch`) will be then be used to check if there is an `IAzureServiceBusMessageHandler` registered with that message type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result type (in this case `OrderBatch`) will then be used to check if there is an `IAzureServiceBusMessageHandler` registered for that message type.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/pull/268/commits/cd44eb2753ac33d70bef057cea45e54bbf30fb40

```csharp
using Arcus.Messaging.Pumps.Abstractions.MessageHandling;

public class OrderBatchMessageBodySerializer : IMessageBodySerializer
{

>     public async Task<MessageResult> DeserializeMessageAsync(string messageBody)

Reviewer: Should the blank line between 154 & 155 be removed ?

Author: Not sure what you're referring to. The line here doesn't contain a blank and the code sample doesn't have a blank besides between the usings and the class.

Author: Yeah, probably. I don't see this, but I got my browser zoom always on 75% 😅 . Formatting is best looked at in the deploy preview instead, since there's the final result.

    {
        var serializer = new XmlSerializer(typeof(Order[]));
        using (var contents = new MemoryStream(Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(messageBody)))
        {
            var orders = (Order[]) serializer.Deserialize(contents);
            return MessageResult.Success(new OrderBatch(orders));
        }
    }
}
```

> The registration of these message body handlers can be done just as easily as an `IMessageSerializer`:

Reviewer: This sentence is confusing.  We just showed an example of a custom serializer, but this sentence says that registering a body handler (message handler I suppose ? ) is as simple as registering a serializer.

I think you want to say here that registering a serializer is as easy as registering a message-handler ?

Author: Ah, yes, 'as easily as a message handler' is correct. Thx.

Author: Done in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/pull/268/commits/cd44eb2753ac33d70bef057cea45e54bbf30fb40

```csharp
using Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection;

public class Startup
{
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        // Register the message body serializer in the dependency container where the dependent services will be injected.
        services.WitServiceBusMessageHandler<OrderBatchMessageHandler>(..., messageBodySerializer: new OrderBatchMessageBodySerializer());

        // Register the message body serializer  in the dependency container where the dependent services are manually injected.
        services.WithServiceMessageHandler(..., messageBodySerializerImplementationFactory: serviceProvider => 
        {
            var logger = serviceProvider.GetService<ILogger<OrderBatchMessageHandler>>();
            return new OrderBatchMessageHandler(logger);
        });
    }
}
```

> Note that the order in which the message handlers are registered is important in the message processing.
> In the example, when a message handler above this one is registered that could also handle the message (same message type) than that handler may be chosen instead of the one with the specific filter.

### Filter messages based on message body

> When registering a new message handler, one can opt-in to add a filter on the incoming message body which filters out messages that are not needed to be processed.

Reviewer: Can those messages that are filtered out, still be processed by another message handler ?

Author: Yes, of course, this is just for message routing, not for the actual processing.

Author: Done in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/pull/268/commits/8c5291057252421fb3e696bc84e314c7e9187def

This can be useful when you want to route messages based on the message content itself instead of the messaging context.

Following example shows how a message handler should only process a certain message when the status is 'Sales'; meaning only `Order` for the sales division will be processed.

```csharp
// Message to be sent:
public enum Department { Sales, Marketing, Operations }

public class Order
{
    public string Id { get; set; }
    public Department Type { get; set; }
}

using Arcus.Messaging.Abstractions;
using Arcus.Messaging.Pumps.Abstractions.MessageHandling;

// Message handler
public class OrderMessageHandler : IAzureServiceBusMessageHandler<Order>
{
    public async Task ProcessMessageAsync(Order order, AzureServiceBusMessageContext context, ...)
    {
        // Do some processing...
    }
}

using Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection;

// Message handler registration
public class Startup
{
    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        services.WithServiceMessageHandler<OrderMessageHandler, Order>((Order order) => order.Type == Department.Sales);
    }
}
```

### Fallback message handling

> When receiving a message on the message pump and none of the registered `IAzureServiceBusMessageHandler`'s can correctly process the message, the message pump normally throws and logs an exception.

Author: No, not necessary. If the fallback message handler is configured for dead-lettering or abandoning, with our Azure Service Bus template classes, then yes, but this is not done for you. Also, the fallback message handlers are more than only this, and can be used outside Azure Service Bus contexts and can contain more logic then only dead-lettering.

> When receiving a message on the message pump and none of the registered `IAzureServiceBusMessageHandler`'s can correctly process the message, the message pump normally throws and logs an exception.

Author: If no message handler is able to process it, and no general or Azure Service Bus-specific fallback message handler is configured, and the message pump sets the message on 'auto-complete', then the message will be send back to the queue, that's right. But, this setup would be considered invalid as the message pump will then try again to process the message. Always having a fallback message handler is a good approach.

}
```

## Pump Configuration
Next to that, we provide a **variety of overloads** to allow you to:
- Specify the name of the queue/topic

> - Only provide a prefix for the topic subscription, so each topic message pump is handling messages on separate subscriptions

Author: This refers to the different ways a message pump can be registered in the application. One can choose to use a queue or topic subscription. When choosing a topic subscription, one can also opt to only pass-in a prefix that the topic subscription subscription will have, the rest will be generated.

> - Only provide a prefix for the topic subscription, so each topic message pump is handling messages on separate subscriptions

Reviewer: Is the topic-subscription then created by the messagepump as well ?

> - Only provide a prefix for the topic subscription, so each topic message pump is handling messages on separate subscriptions

Author: Yes, it is. 👍

> - Only provide a prefix for the topic subscription, so each topic message pump is handling messages on separate subscriptions

Reviewer: Ah, so you can make sure that the code does not create the subscription.  (I am not a fan of that :D )

- Configure how the message pump should work *(ie. max concurrent calls & auto delete)*

> - Read the connection string from the configuration *(although we highly recommend using the [Arcus secret store](https://security.arcus-azure.net/features/secret-store) instead)*

Reviewer: Maybe [this](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/app-service-key-vault-references#reference-syntax) syntax is supported.

Author: How would this help? This is about the Arcus secret store, right?

Author: Ah, that's cool, but maybe we should still refer to our secret store to make the difference clear between configuration data <> secrets. Could be further investigated, of course.

Author: Great!
